README.md, before:

Built ggsol.io & mcrc.space
- _ggsol.io_ - solana casino game - fully running
- _mcrc.space_ - solana & evm & bank casino game(any payment available) - it's currently UI updating now
  
Landing page
<img width="1913" height="906" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c98e48e-1f29-4d1f-8e06-24acd1ec3d43" />
Roulette page
<img width="1911" height="906" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5bcf16cd-a250-42a3-84c8-1f0903624057" />
CoinFlip page
<img width="1914" height="907" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fbcb289-7c2e-40e3-9e94-abac3f90b2a8" />
Dice page
<img width="1915" height="908" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39169c54-7a3f-4ace-9b95-e6863211b938" />


---

## ✨ Features

- 🎲 Basic casino game logic
- 🃏 Simple betting interface
- 🧩 Modular code structure for easy extension
- ⚙️ Deployed on Vercel for fast and reliable delivery

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 🔧 Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16 or higher recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### 📦 Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/casino-core-logic.git
   cd casino-core-logic


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

# 👨‍💻 Author
DM me on telegram for full working version of this project
### 📞 Telegram: [d0sc4u](https://t.me/d0sc4u)   
https://t.me/d0sc4u


Once we connect on Telegram, we can discuss further details through other communication channels.

Commit message:

docs: update README (Base-only + fork info)

README.md, after:

# Base EVM Casino Games (Base-only)

Fork of **d0sc4u/solana-evm-casino-games**, configured to run **exclusively on the Base network**.

## Network
- Chain: Base (Mainnet)
- Chain ID: 8453
- RPC: https://mainnet.base.org
- Explorer: https://basescan.org

## Fork Information
This repository is a fork of:
- Upstream: https://github.com/d0sc4u/solana-evm-casino-games

Main changes in this fork:
- Base-only (no multi-chain support)
- Network configuration locked to Base
- Project structure and security improvements

## Getting Started
```bash
npm install
npm run dev 

<img width="1913" height="906" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c98e48e-1f29-4d1f-8e06-24acd1ec3d43" />
Roulette page
<img width="1911" height="906" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5bcf16cd-a250-42a3-84c8-1f0903624057" />
CoinFlip page
<img width="1914" height="907" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fbcb289-7c2e-40e3-9e94-abac3f90b2a8" />
Dice page
<img width="1915" height="908" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39169c54-7a3f-4ace-9b95-e6863211b938" />


---

## ✨ Features

- 🎲 Basic casino game logic
- 🃏 Simple betting interface
- 🧩 Modular code structure for easy extension
- ⚙️ Deployed on Vercel for fast and reliable delivery

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 🔧 Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16 or higher recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### 📦 Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/casino-core-logic.git
   cd casino-core-logic


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.
